in considering a career it's critical that you seek as much reliable information
as you can get do not go from what you see on T. V. are in
the movies oral what maybe a buddy tells you he thinks is going on
talk to as many people in the career field as you can get a hold of
do your research from government agencies that apartment labor has
a very good run down of what each feels like what people do in that
field with requirements for the field are and what the future looks
like I think you need more jobs or fewer jobs so there's a lot of research
you can do there when you talk about the military one of the
best sources of information is the web of all the military forces have
very very elaborate web pages explaining to you the requirements
to get there and what the advantages are and that to some degree they're
trying to sell you wanted so they've got something they're trying
to sell you but try to avoid the adventure and you can go see and
where neat uniform kind of stuff and you know what's really going to
be like in this act when I'm really going to enjoy so that's one good
thing to do with a good thing to do I think is some historical research
if you wanna know what it's like in the navy you know get some
good books on naval history and read up on what it's like read books
about people who've been in recently who have written accounts of
what their experience has been and because most that's been carefully
fact checked and would be in the book if it worked pretty well while